Add monitor terms to glossary (#21173)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/glossary/terms/outlier.md

---
title: outlier
core_product:
    - alerts
related_terms:
    - anomaly
---

> Outlier detection is an algorithmic feature that allows you to detect when a specific metric group is behaving different compared to its peers. For more information, <a href="/monitors/types/outlier">see the documentation</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outlier detection is an algorithmic feature that allows you to detect when a specific metric group behaves differently than its peers. For more information, <a href="/monitors/types/outlier">see the documentation</a>.
```
